---
title: AWS SAA-C03_(1)
date: 2022-12-28
categories: [AWS SAA-C03]
tags: [aws]
#pin: true
---

## AWS SAA-C03 ExamTopics 문제 정리(1)

---

#### (1) A, S3 Transfer Acceleration 을 작동시키면 빨라진다.

A company collects data for temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure in cities across multiple continents. The average volume of data that the company collects from each site daily is 500 GB. Each site has a high-speed Internet connection.

The company wants to aggregate the data from all these global sites as quickly as possible in a single Amazon S3 bucket. The solution must minimize operational complexity.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration on the destination S3 bucket. Use multipart uploads to directly upload site data to the destination S3 bucket.

B. Upload the data from each site to an S3 bucket in the closest Region. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket. Then remove the data from the origin S3 bucket.

C. Schedule AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device jobs daily to transfer data from each site to the closest Region. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket.

D. Upload the data from each site to an Amazon EC2 instance in the closest Region. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. At regular intervals, take an EBS snapshot and copy it to the Region that contains the destination S3 bucket. Restore the EBS volume in that Region.

#### (2) C, Amazon Athena는 S3에서 직접 데이터를 쉽게 분석할 수 있는 대화형 쿼리 서비스이다.

> Redshift 는 복잡한 SQL과 관련된 워크로드에 대한 장점을 가짐  
> Cloudwatch는 리소스에 대한 모니터링 및 관리 서비스

A company needs the ability to analyze the log files of its proprietary application. The logs are stored in JSON format in an Amazon S3 bucket. Queries will be simple and will run on-demand. A solutions architect needs to perform the analysis with minimal changes to the existing architecture.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon Redshift to load all the content into one place and run the SQL queries as needed.

B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to store the logs. Run SQL queries as needed from the Amazon CloudWatch console.

C. Use Amazon Athena directly with Amazon S3 to run the queries as needed.

D. Use AWS Glue to catalog the logs. Use a transient Apache Spark cluster on Amazon EMR to run the SQL queries as needed.

#### (3) A, PrincipalOrgID는 리소스에 액세스하는 보안주체가 조직의 계정에 속하는지 확인한다.

> principalOrgPaths 는 특정 조직에 해당 구성원을 일치시키는 작업을함.

A company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for different departments. The management account has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains project reports. The company wants to limit access to this S3 bucket to only users of accounts within the organization in AWS Organizations.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Add the aws PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the S3 bucket policy.

B. Create an organizational unit (OU) for each department. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgPaths global condition key to the S3 bucket policy.

C. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor the CreateAccount, InviteAccountToOrganization, LeaveOrganization, and RemoveAccountFromOrganization events. Update the S3 bucket policy accordingly.

D. Tag each user that needs access to the S3 bucket. Add the aws:PrincipalTag global condition key to the S3 bucket policy.

#### (4) A, VPC endpoint는 인터넷에 접근이 불가능한 프라이빗 네트워크를 인터넷, S3에 연결하도록 해준다.

An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. The application processes logs that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The EC2 instance needs to access the S3 bucket without connectivity to the internet.
Which solution will provide private network connectivity to Amazon S3?

A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint to the S3 bucket.

B. Stream the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Export the logs to the S3 bucket.

C. Create an instance profile on Amazon EC2 to allow S3 access.

D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API with a private link to access the S3 endpoint.

#### (5) C, 두 EBS 볼륨의 데이터를 Concuurent하게 or 동시에 == EFS

> 모든 서버에 요청을 보내는 로드밸런서를 구성하는 것은 효율성이 떨어짐

A company is hosting a web application on AWS using a single Amazon EC2 instance that stores user-uploaded documents in an Amazon EBS volume. For better scalability and availability, the company duplicated the architecture and created a second EC2 instance and EBS volume in another Availability Zone, placing both behind an Application Load Balancer. After completing this change, users reported that, each time they refreshed the website, they could see one subset of their documents or the other, but never all of the documents at the same time.
What should a solutions architect propose to ensure users see all of their documents at once?

A. Copy the data so both EBS volumes contain all the documents

B. Configure the Application Load Balancer to direct a user to the server with the documents

C. Copy the data from both EBS volumes to Amazon EFS. Modify the application to save new documents to Amazon EFS

D. Configure the Application Load Balancer to send the request to both servers. Return each document from the correct server
