---
title: AWS SAA-C03_(2)
date: 2023-01-09
categories: [AWS SAA-C03]
tags: [aws, saa-c03]
#pin: true
---

## AWS SAA-C03 ExamTopics 문제 정리(2)

---

#### (11) A, AWS secrets manager는 db자격증명, api키, ssh 키 등 비밀을 저장, 관리, 교체할 수 있는 비밀관리 서비스이다.

A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon Aurora database. The EC2 instances connect to the database by using user names and passwords that are stored locally in a file. The company wants to minimize the operational overhead of credential management.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?

A. Use AWS Secrets Manager. Turn on automatic rotation.

B. Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Turn on automatic rotation.

C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store objects that are encrypted with an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Migrate the credential file to the S3 bucket. Point the application to the S3 bucket.

D. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume for each EC2 instance. Attach the new EBS volume to each EC2 instance. Migrate the credential file to the new EBS volume. Point the application to the new EBS volume.

#### (12) A, CloudFront는 성능을 향상시키고, 정적,동적 데이터의 지연율을 줄인다. 웹 애플리케이션용 cloudfront를 설정하려면 배포를 생성하고 s3버킷과 alb를 오리진으로 지정할 수 있다.

A global company hosts its web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The web application has static data and dynamic data. The company stores its static data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to improve performance and reduce latency for the static data and dynamic data. The company is using its own domain name registered with Amazon Route 53.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket and the ALB as origins. Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution.

B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin. Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution.

C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket as an origin. Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the ALB and the CloudFront distribution as endpoints. Create a custom domain name that points to the accelerator DNS name. Use the custom domain name as an endpoint for the web application.

D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin. Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint. Create two domain names. Point one domain name to the CloudFront DNS name for dynamic content. Point the other domain name to the accelerator DNS name for static content. Use the domain names as endpoints for the web application.

#### (13) A, AWS Secret manager는 자격증명과 같은 비밀을 저장, 관리, 교체할 수 있고 일정에 따라 보안암호를 자동으로 교체하여 운영 오버헤드를 최소화함.

A company performs monthly maintenance on its AWS infrastructure. During these maintenance activities, the company needs to rotate the credentials for its Amazon RDS for MySQL databases across multiple AWS Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Secrets Manager. Use multi-Region secret replication for the required Regions. Configure Secrets Manager to rotate the secrets on a schedule.

B. Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Systems Manager by creating a secure string parameter. Use multi-Region secret replication for the required Regions. Configure Systems Manager to rotate the secrets on a schedule.

C. Store the credentials in an Amazon S3 bucket that has server-side encryption (SSE) enabled. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke an AWS Lambda function to rotate the credentials.

D. Encrypt the credentials as secrets by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) multi-Region customer managed keys. Store the secrets in an Amazon DynamoDB global table. Use an AWS Lambda function to retrieve the secrets from DynamoDB. Use the RDS API to rotate the secrets.

#### (14) C, Amazon Aurora는 mysql, rds보다 9배가량 빠른 속도를 갖고 있고, 고가용성을 유지하는데 적합하다.

A company runs an ecommerce application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales based on CPU utilization metrics. The ecommerce application stores the transaction data in a MySQL 8.0 database that is hosted on a large EC2 instance.
The database's performance degrades quickly as application load increases. The application handles more read requests than write transactions. The company wants a solution that will automatically scale the database to meet the demand of unpredictable read workloads while maintaining high availability.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Redshift with a single node for leader and compute functionality.

B. Use Amazon RDS with a Single-AZ deployment Configure Amazon RDS to add reader instances in a different Availability Zone.

C. Use Amazon Aurora with a Multi-AZ deployment. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling with Aurora Replicas.

D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with EC2 Spot Instances.

#### (15) C, aws network firewall은 vpc에 들어오고 나가는 트래픽을 검사하고 필터링한다.

A company recently migrated to AWS and wants to implement a solution to protect the traffic that flows in and out of the production VPC. The company had an inspection server in its on-premises data center. The inspection server performed specific operations such as traffic flow inspection and traffic filtering. The company wants to have the same functionalities in the AWS Cloud.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon GuardDuty for traffic inspection and traffic filtering in the production VPC.

B. Use Traffic Mirroring to mirror traffic from the production VPC for traffic inspection and filtering.

C. Use AWS Network Firewall to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering for the production VPC.

D. Use AWS Firewall Manager to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering for the production VPC.
> AWS Firewall manager는 검사와 필터링을 하는게 아니라 방화벽 보안구성 관리 서비스이다.

#### (16) B, Quicksight는 여러 데이터소스의 데이터를 시각화하는 서비스이다. 관리자와 나머지부서의 액세스 권한을 나누어야 하기 때문에 적절한 users와 groups를 나눈다.

A company hosts a data lake on AWS. The data lake consists of data in Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company needs a reporting solution that provides data visualization and includes all the data sources within the data lake. Only the company's management team should have full access to all the visualizations. The rest of the company should have only limited access.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate IAM roles.

B. Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and groups.

C. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to produce reports. Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports.

D. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena Federated Query to access data within Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. Generate reports by using Amazon Athena. Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports.

#### (17) A, 리소스에 대한 액세스 권한을 부여하는 것은 IAM role이다.

A company is implementing a new business application. The application runs on two Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon S3 bucket for document storage. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the EC2 instances can access the S3 bucket.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Create an IAM role that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.

B. Create an IAM policy that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the policy to the EC2 instances.
> policy는 EC2가 아닌 IAM사용자 또는 그룹에 대한 권한을 정의한다.
C. Create an IAM group that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the group to the EC2 instances.
> group은 리소스에 대한 액세스 권한부여가 아닌 사용자와 정책을 함께 그룹화 할때 사용
D. Create an IAM user that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the user account to the EC2 instances.
> user는 리소스와 상호작용하는 사람 또는 서비스를 나타내는데 사용.

#### (18) A,B SQS를 만들어 S3에 연동시켜 이미지가 업로드 되면 알림이 오게함. Lambda함수를 구성하여 SQS큐를 자동화하고, 메시지가 보내지면 큐에서 삭제함.

An application development team is designing a microservice that will convert large images to smaller, compressed images. When a user uploads an image through the web interface, the microservice should store the image in an Amazon S3 bucket, process and compress the image with an AWS Lambda function, and store the image in its compressed form in a different S3 bucket.
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that uses durable, stateless components to process the images automatically.
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure the S3 bucket to send a notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the S3 bucket.

B. Configure the Lambda function to use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as the invocation source. When the SQS message is successfully processed, delete the message in the queue.

C. Configure the Lambda function to monitor the S3 bucket for new uploads. When an uploaded image is detected, write the file name to a text file in memory and use the text file to keep track of the images that were processed.

D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to monitor an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. When items are added to the queue, log the file name in a text file on the EC2 instance and invoke the Lambda function.

E. Configure an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) event to monitor the S3 bucket. When an image is uploaded, send an alert to an Amazon ample Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic with the application owner's email address for further processing.

#### (19) Gateway 로드밸런서는 수신 패킷을 검사하여 애플리케이션의 모든 트래픽을 검사한다.

A company has a three-tier web application that is deployed on AWS. The web servers are deployed in a public subnet in a VPC. The application servers and database servers are deployed in private subnets in the same VPC. The company has deployed a third-party virtual firewall appliance from AWS Marketplace in an inspection VPC. The appliance is configured with an IP interface that can accept IP packets.
A solutions architect needs to integrate the web application with the appliance to inspect all traffic to the application before the traffic reaches the web server.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create a Network Load Balancer in the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the traffic to the appliance for packet inspection.

B. Create an Application Load Balancer in the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the traffic to the appliance for packet inspection.

C. Deploy a transit gateway in the inspection VPConfigure route tables to route the incoming packets through the transit gateway.

D. Deploy a Gateway Load Balancer in the inspection VPC. Create a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint to receive the incoming packets and forward the packets to the appliance.

#### (20) D, EBS fast snapshot은 매우 빠르다

A company wants to improve its ability to clone large amounts of production data into a test environment in the same AWS Region. The data is stored in Amazon EC2 instances on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Modifications to the cloned data must not affect the production environment. The software that accesses this data requires consistently high I/O performance.
A solutions architect needs to minimize the time that is required to clone the production data into the test environment.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Restore the snapshots onto EC2 instance store volumes in the test environment.

B. Configure the production EBS volumes to use the EBS Multi-Attach feature. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Attach the production EBS volumes to the EC2 instances in the test environment.

C. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Create and initialize new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment before restoring the volumes from the production EBS snapshots.

D. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Turn on the EBS fast snapshot restore feature on the EBS snapshots. Restore the snapshots into new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment.
